There was something in the wine, that's all I'm telling you.
Get this guy quickly, don't let him get away.
Shun Yiyi, our Jiang family has nothing to say to you.
Why are you so cruel? Don't call me aunt.
I am blind to have a spiritual father like you.
A few days ago I had a friend tell me a secret.
He said that Mrs. Sun of the Jiang family bought medicine on the black market.
I was afraid that he would cause trouble, so I told Jiang Min about it.
Jiang Min said he was afraid of causing disgrace to the Jiang family, so he asked me to make arrangements first.
I'll ask you later.
I didn’t expect that you were buying medicine
To murder her husband
I see
You are making me a scapegoat
Everyone sees it clearly
This is the evidence that he murdered his husband.
Why is this?
Is it true?
I listen to what I say
Not framed
The poison film was given to me
At this point
You still want to drag me down?
if i am an accomplice
Then why do I need to testify against you now, Yi Yi?
How could you do such a thing grandpa
I was poisoned at first
But I later switched to stomach medicine for everything
Have you finally admitted that you collected the poison?
Someone, take her down here for me
Let the police handle it